Hi my name is Illya and I will be taking you through statistics for data science and business analysis.
I am a business graduate with a strong affinity for numbers.
I love statistics and mathematics.
In fact I enjoy the subject so much.
I have competed nationally and internationally and have won multiple awards in college.
Competing was no longer a priority.
So I turned to teaching statistics and mathematics.
I helped many people with their statistics and econometric studies.
My first happy students in this course we will cover some of my favorite topics and I am super excited.
I hope you are too because this will be a great journey.
First we will start with the very basics we will learn about the different types of data and we will
distinguish between population and sample data.
We will study the levels of measurement we can use the difference between categorical and numerical
variables how to plot data how to measure mean median and mode and how to quantify variability.
Once we have covered the introductory part of the course we will be ready to learn about the Central
Limit Theorem.
Normal Distribution Student's t distribution and how to create use and interpret confidence intervals.
These are some of the indispensable tools you need when making business decisions relying on data.
You must be able to make predictions under uncertainty and that's precisely what you can do.
After completing this part of the course then we will move on to hypothesis testing which is at the
heart of decision making.
Each data driven decision comes after a hypothesis test.
You will learn how to formulate a hypothesis and act according to the result.
In the fourth part of the course we will dive into the world of regression analysis regression analysis
is a powerful tool that allows us to build predictive models based on causal relationships.
Specifically we will concentrate on the LS setting.
The most widely used framework for statistical regressions.
Sounds great doesn't it.
This will be an awesome adventure to get the most out of this course.
Please don't skip any lectures as we will gradually build on your knowledge.
Also the concepts you will learn in the first part of the course will be useful later on.
Now the lessons in this course contain several downloadable resources that will help you reinforce what
you have learned.
Of course notes exercise files PBF materials handy notebook files everything is included and can be
downloaded easily.
I strongly suggest you complete all the exercises as they are designed not only for practice but also
as an additional source of information that deepens your understanding of statistics.
Feel free to post on the course discussion board.
If you experience difficulties I would like to ask a question or simply want to share something with
the community this course is extraordinary on its own.
However on top of that if you complete it you will also get free access to two of our other courses.
Microsoft Excel 2016 beginner and intermediate training provided you complete 50 percent of the course
and beginner to pro in PowerPoint provided you complete 100 percent of the course.
Are you excited.
Awesome dive straight in and let's begin this journey together.